I want to write a song
to thank you, oh God, you live in me and your radiance
it makes my heart happy
You gave me your hand when I only found
my help has been and forever I will sing
I will walk and through the valley of the shadow I will not fear
with you I will be, like a star in the galaxy I will shine
I can feel your direction, because I believe in your promises, sir
I will adore you until the end
I want to love you for eternity
You gave me your hand when I only found
my help has been and forever I will sing
I will walk, and through the valley of the shadow I will not fear
with you I will be, like a star in the galaxy
I will shine
I will walk, and through the valley of the shadow I will not fear
with you I will be, like a star in the galaxy
I will shine
I will walk, and through the valley of the shadow I will not fear
I will be with you, like a star
with you I will be, like a star in the galaxy
I will walk, and through the valley of the shadow I will not fear
I will shine